Swift config V6 docs (#393)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/ios.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::caution
_The following is only related to the SDK's generic-typed API which's only accessible from Swift._

It is important to provide an argument for the `defaultValue` parameter, specifically for the `Value` generic type parameter,
that matches the type of the feature flag or setting you are evaluating. Please refer to the following table for the corresponding types.
:::

### Setting type mapping {#setting-type-mapping}

| Setting Kind   | Type parameter `Value` |
| -------------- | ---------------------- |
| On/Off Toggle  | `Bool`                 |
| Text           | `String`               |
| Whole Number   | `Int`                  |
| Decimal Number | `Double`               |

> In addition to the types mentioned above, you also have the option to use the `getAnyValue` method, where the `defaultValue` parameter can be nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the types mentioned above, you also have the option to provide `Any` or `Any?` for the type parameter (or to use the `getAnyValue` method) regardless of the setting kind.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::caution
_The following is only related to the SDK's generic-typed API which's only accessible from Swift._

It is important to provide an argument for the `defaultValue` parameter, specifically for the `Value` generic type parameter,

> that matches the type of the feature flag or setting you are evaluating. Please refer to the following table for the corresponding types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that matches the type of the feature flag or setting you are evaluating. Please refer to [this table](#setting-type-mapping) for the corresponding types.
```

but some of them also support other types of values. It depends on the comparator how the values will be handled. The following rules apply:

**Text-based comparators** (EQUALS, IS ONE OF, etc.)
* accept `String` values,
* all other values are automatically converted to `string` (a warning will be logged but evaluation will continue as normal).

**SemVer-based comparators** (IS ONE OF, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid semver value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).

**Number-based comparators** (=, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `Int`, `UInt`, `Double`, or `Float` values,
* accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid `Int`, `UInt`, `Double`, or `Float` value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).

**Date time-based comparators** (BEFORE / AFTER)
* accept `Date` values, which are automatically converted to a second-based Unix timestamp,
* accept `Int`, `UInt`, `Double`, or `Float` values representing a second-based Unix timestamp,

> * accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid `Int`, `UInt`, `Double`, or `Float` value,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid `Double` value,
```
